Clarify SDK, thin-edge.io and device-side software scope in SLAs (#4562)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/service-level-bundle/support-sla.md

### Service description

This document outlines the maintenance and support services provided for different levels of support.
The services are provided as follows for the different pricing packs, as detailed on Provider's pricing page: https://www.cumulocity.com/pricing/.

> * **Starter** and **free trial** include community-based support via Provider's Tech Community, https://community.cumulocity.com/, where the team responds on a best-effort basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Starter** and **free trial** include community-based support via {{< company-c8y >}}'s Tech Community, https://community.cumulocity.com/, where the team responds on a best-effort basis.
```

Author: Good spot. This change though is part of the other pull request from Jelle (I added his commits here as they have not yet been merged with develop). Not sure if it makes sense to change it here ?!? @jellecumulocity

Reviewer 2: We're driving the changes to the support SLA from the agreements about pricing and the reality that we have no Bronze customers at present. I think the changes in the SLA should be committed and then other places - like here - should be brought in line with that.

* **Authorized Technical Contact (ATC)**: A uniquely identified individual authorized by the Customer to access the Provider’s Support Portal, submit support requests, and receive support-related communications, with appropriate professional and technical qualifications. Shared group accounts are not allowed.
* **Support**: The Provider’s Support Organization responsible for delivering maintenance and support services to the Customer.
* **Support Portal**: The Provider’s web-based support system that permits browsing and submitting support tickets.

> * **Support Region**: The region of a customer is the region where that customer is located or has opted to define that region as their region. For example the region for an EMEA customer is EMEA, however an EMEA customer may opt for another region, say APJ, to be their default region. For Premium support, the region can be chosen per ATC.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Support Region**: The region of a customer is the region where that customer is located or has opted to define that region as their region. For example, the region for an EMEA customer is EMEA, however an EMEA customer may opt for another region, say APJ, to be their default region. For Premium support, the region can be chosen per ATC.
```

* **Critical Incidents**: Customer’s problem has a significant business impact; however, operations can continue in a restricted fashion. The Product is usable but severely limited. There is no acceptable workaround available. Customer is experiencing a significant loss of service.
* **Standard Incidents**: Customer’s problem has some business impact. The Product is usable and causes only minor inconvenience. It may be a minor Error, documentation Error, or incorrect operation of the Product, which does not significantly impede the operation of the Product.

### Support services and response times

| **Service**                          | **Standard**               | **Premium**              |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| **Support Portal access for ATCs**   | 24/7                       | 24/7                     |
| **Crisis phone**                     | 24/7                       | 24/7                     |

> | **Number of ATCs**                   | 7                          | Unlimited                |

Reviewer: We should define what an ATCs as it may not be sufficiently self-explanatory.

Reviewer 2: https://cumulocity.com/docs/service-terms/service-level/#definitions

| **Prioritized queuing**              | No                         | Yes                      |
| **Ticket escalation**                | Yes                        | Yes                      |
| **Onboarding**                       | Email                      | Email and/or web meeting |

> | **SDKs, thin-edge.io and device-side software** | Community support only | Incident support for supported versions; see below |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SDKs & thin-edge.io** | Community support only | Incident support for supported versions; see below |
```

* **Number of ATCs**: Restrictions to the number of ATCs apply per Customer, not per contract. Customer may contract for additional ATCs.
* **Prioritized queuing**: Support tickets are prioritized ahead of other support incidents of the same severity level but lower support level.
* **Ticket escalation:** If a support ticket requires extra attention due to a serious change in business impact (for example, an approaching deadline or increased severity), Customer can raise an escalation request via the Support Portal or email. Provider will review the new context and will ensure high visibility on its internal dashboards.
* **Onboarding:** Provider welcomes new ATCs and provides information about the Support Portal access, support ticket handling process and Support team.
* **SDKs, thin-edge.io and device-side software:** For Standard support, {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, libraries, and thin-edge.io are available on a community-support basis only. Support may, at its discretion, provide general guidance but does not assume incident ownership for these components. For Premium support, refer to the section below.

> #### Scope of Premium support for SDKs and device-side software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Scope of Premium support for additional components
```

> For Customers with Premium support, the following additional services are included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Premium support also covers additional components  that are not part of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operated as Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). This includes versions of the following components that have been published within the last 12 months:

- [thin-edge.io ](https://thin-edge.io/)
- {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [webSDK](https://cumulocity.com/docs/web/introduction/)
- {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Microservice SDK for Java](https://cumulocity.com/docs/microservice-sdk/java/)

```

> * Assistance with incident analysis and troubleshooting where the issue can be reproduced using supported SDK versions or thin-edge.io versions together with Cumulocity Product in documented reference architectures.

Reviewer: Add definition for "supported" & what is meant with documented reference architecture?

* Guidance on recommended configuration and upgrade paths for supported SDKs and the most recent thin-edge.io version.
* Coordination of Error Corrections for confirmed defects in supported SDKs or thin-edge.io versions that materially affect the operation of Cumulocity Product.

Premium support does not include:

* Development services (for example, implementing features, refactoring Customer code, or writing custom device firmware).
* Support for forks, custom builds, or third-party modifications of SDKs or thin-edge.io.

> * Support for device-side operating systems, drivers, or connectivity services not controlled by {{< company-c8y >}}.

Reviewer: This is not necessary to state if we make explicit what is in scope of SDKs and devcie-side software as all other things would implicitly be excluded.

#### Professional Services for SDKs and device-side software

> Assistance with developing, debugging, or customizing SDKs, thin-edge.io, device firmware, or other device-side software is outside the scope of all support levels. Such services can be requested separately from {{< company-c8y >}} Professional Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assistance with developing, debugging, or customizing SDKs, thin-edge.io, device firmware, or other device-side software is outside the scope of all support levels. Such services can be requested separately from {{< company-c8y >}} [Professional Services](https://www.cumulocity.com/professional-services/).
```

* **Prioritized queuing**: Support tickets are prioritized ahead of other support incidents of the same severity level but lower support level.
* **Ticket escalation:** If a support ticket requires extra attention due to a serious change in business impact (for example, an approaching deadline or increased severity), Customer can raise an escalation request via the Support Portal or email. Provider will review the new context and will ensure high visibility on its internal dashboards.
* **Onboarding:** Provider welcomes new ATCs and provides information about the Support Portal access, support ticket handling process and Support team.
* **SDKs, thin-edge.io and device-side software:** For Standard support, {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, libraries, and thin-edge.io are available on a community-support basis only. Support may, at its discretion, provide general guidance but does not assume incident ownership for these components. For Premium support, refer to the section below.

#### Scope of Premium support for SDKs and device-side software

For Customers with Premium support, the following additional services are included:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those components, the following services are included:
```

> * Assistance with incident analysis and troubleshooting where the issue can be reproduced using supported SDK versions or thin-edge.io versions together with Cumulocity Product in documented reference architectures.

Author: ```suggestion
* Assistance with incident analysis and troubleshooting where the issue can be reproduced on the latest  SDK or thin-edge.io version.
```

* Guidance on recommended configuration and upgrade paths for supported SDKs and the most recent thin-edge.io version.

> * Coordination of Error Corrections for confirmed defects in supported SDKs or thin-edge.io versions that materially affect the operation of Cumulocity Product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Coordination of Error Corrections for confirmed defects in supported SDKs or thin-edge.io versions that materially affect the operation of {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

Premium support does not include:

* Development services (for example, implementing features, refactoring Customer code, or writing custom device firmware).
* Support for forks, custom builds, or third-party modifications of SDKs or thin-edge.io.

> * Support for device-side operating systems, drivers, or connectivity services not controlled by {{< company-c8y >}}.

Author: ```suggestion
* Support for device-side operating systems, drivers, or connectivity services not controlled by {{< company-c8y >}}.
* Support for **thin-edge.io** when not used in conjunction with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform.
```
```

* **Number of ATCs**: Restrictions to the number of ATCs apply per Customer, not per contract. Customer may contract for additional ATCs.
* **Prioritized queuing**: Support tickets are prioritized ahead of other support incidents of the same severity level but lower support level.
* **Ticket escalation:** If a support ticket requires extra attention due to a serious change in business impact (for example, an approaching deadline or increased severity), Customer can raise an escalation request via the Support Portal or email. Provider will review the new context and will ensure high visibility on its internal dashboards.
* **Onboarding:** Provider welcomes new ATCs and provides information about the Support Portal access, support ticket handling process and Support team.
* **SDKs, thin-edge.io and device-side software:** For Standard support, {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, libraries, and thin-edge.io are available on a community-support basis only. Support may, at its discretion, provide general guidance but does not assume incident ownership for these components. For Premium support, refer to the section below.

> #### Scope of Premium support for SDKs and device-side software

Reviewer 4: You may want to give a statement here that this is always handled at standard response time. (I guess we don't want crisis tickets for web SDK.)

Premium support also covers additional components  that are not part of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operated as Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). This includes versions of the following components that have been published within the last 12 months:

- [thin-edge.io ](https://thin-edge.io/)

> - {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [webSDK](https://cumulocity.com/docs/web/introduction/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Web SDK](https://cumulocity.com/docs/web/introduction/)
```

- {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Microservice SDK for Java](https://cumulocity.com/docs/microservice-sdk/java/)

> For those components, the following services are included:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For these components, the following services are included:
```

* **Number of ATCs**: Restrictions to the number of ATCs apply per Customer, not per contract. Customer may contract for additional ATCs.
* **Prioritized queuing**: Support tickets are prioritized ahead of other support incidents of the same severity level but lower support level.
* **Ticket escalation:** If a support ticket requires extra attention due to a serious change in business impact (for example, an approaching deadline or increased severity), Customer can raise an escalation request via the Support Portal or email. Provider will review the new context and will ensure high visibility on its internal dashboards.
* **Onboarding:** Provider welcomes new ATCs and provides information about the Support Portal access, support ticket handling process and Support team.
* **SDKs, thin-edge.io and device-side software:** For Standard support, {{< company-c8y >}}-provided SDKs, libraries, and thin-edge.io are available on a community-support basis only. Support may, at its discretion, provide general guidance but does not assume incident ownership for these components. For Premium support, refer to the section below.

> * **Non-production environments:** For Premium support customers, Premium support response times and service commitments do not apply to non-production environments.

Reviewer 2: Response times are irrespective of customer's environment. We're responding to tickets based on severity. I'm not against putting this here, but do suggest limiting this statement to the service commitments only.

Author: I removed the sentence

> * **Non-production environments:** For Premium support customers, Premium support response times and service commitments do not apply to non-production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
```

#### Scope of Premium support for SDKs and device-side software

> Premium support also covers additional components  that are not part of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operated as Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). Incidents related to these components are always handled at standard response times. This includes versions of the following components that have been published within the last 12 months:

Author: ```suggestion
Premium support also covers additional components  that are not part of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform operated as Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). This includes versions of the following components that have been published within the last 12 months:
```

- [thin-edge.io ](https://thin-edge.io/)

> - {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Web SDK](https://cumulocity.com/docs/web/introduction/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Web SDK](/web/introduction/)
```

> - {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Microservice SDK for Java](https://cumulocity.com/docs/microservice-sdk/java/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [Microservice SDK for Java](/microservice-sdk/java/)
```

For these components, the following services are included:

> * Assistance with incident analysis and troubleshooting where the issue can be reproduced on the latest  SDK or thin-edge.io version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Assistance with incident analysis and troubleshooting where the issue can be reproduced on the latest SDK or thin-edge.io version.
```
